hello everybody Romesh here now I know
that a lot of us are finding the
lockdown tough in terms of what to do on
a day to day basis and I wanted to help
you in that regard so what decided to do
is put together a little sample of what
I get up to on a day to day basis so
that you can use that as some sort of I
don't know inspiration as to what's a
gutter with your days during lockdown I
hope you enjoyed itself get a move on
after you suppose you're homeschooling
while I'm home school is marketing's now
and it's spelling and that's not easy
for kisses better their age it was
supposed to be reading especially
signing get on with it
thank you what you looking at it's
obvious it's important to go outside get
some fresh air get some exercise try and
ease your stresses for sure that's made
slightly more difficult when people
don't thank you when you cross the road
to make allowances for them you're
welcome mate
[Music]
I may have I frozen have i frozen I have
I have do is it is it worth doing like a
hand system or something have i frozen
on yours buy frozen on your screams and
buy frozen can you hear me just do that
just do that if you can what I don't
know if you're doing that just because
I'm doing it now
guys guys so yeah I know that a lot of
people find it challenging but to be
honest I'm I'm really really enjoying it
and I hope you found that useful that
was created as part of the big night end
we hope you enjoyed it we also hope that
if you possibly can you can follow the
link and make a donation right now up
and down the United Kingdom charities
are providing urgent help to people who
really need it most
so if you got a couple of quid bonging
in please help thank you